Update gitlab token docs (#170)
go-semantic-release/semantic-release: README.md

### Example GitLab CI Config

#### Job Token
If you do not provide a PAT the [job token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/jobs/ci_job_token.html) will be used.
This restricted token can create releases but not read commits. The [git strategy](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/runners/configure_runners.html#git-strategy) must be set to clone so that we can read the commits from the repository. See example below

#### Personal Access Token

> Create a new Gitlab personal access token with the `api` scope [here](https://gitlab.com/profile/personal_access_tokens).

Reviewer: That link doesn't seem to work for me, but this does:

```suggestion
Create a new Gitlab personal access token with the `api` scope [here](https://gitlab.com/-/user_settings/personal_access_tokens).
```

> Create a new Gitlab personal access token with the `api` scope [here](https://gitlab.com/profile/personal_access_tokens).

Reviewer: Additionally, we can prefill the scope:

```suggestion
Create a new Gitlab personal access token with the `api` scope [here](https://gitlab.com/profile/personal_access_tokens?name=go-semantic-release+for+example%2Frepo&scopes=api).
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for this @jamietanna
